feat: Add Geometry serde (#13003)
facebookincubator/velox: velox/functions/prestosql/tests/CMakeLists.txt

  GTest::gtest_main
  GTest::gmock
  GTest::gmock_main)

> if(VELOX_ENABLE_GEO)
>   velox_link_libraries(velox_functions_test geos)
> endif()
> 
> velox_compile_definitions(velox_functions_test PRIVATE VELOX_ENABLE_GEO)
> if(VELOX_MONO_LIBRARY)
>   target_compile_options(velox PRIVATE -Wno-cpp)
> else()
>   target_compile_options(velox_functions_test PRIVATE -Wno-cpp)
> endif()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
if(VELOX_ENABLE_GEO)
  target_link_libraries(velox_functions_test geos)
endif()

# This should not be necessary, I don't see it used anywhere in an ifdef or so. 
# target_compile_definitions(velox_functions_test PRIVATE VELOX_ENABLE_GEO)

target_compile_options(velox_functions_test PRIVATE -Wno-cpp)
```
